---
title: ABOUT
description: Hey, I'm Elizabeth Hewett
images: ["/images/favicon.jpg"]
---

I attended AB Tech in Asheville, NC and received my Associate of Science degree in Sustainability
Technologies. This focused on building science and renewable energy with an emphasis on
high-performance buildings. I love the idea of how our homes can work for us simply by altering the
materials and methods in which we build and remodel. It also creates a healthier environment, which
is something everyone and our planet benefits from. Obtaining this degree also satisfied my desire
to build and work with my hands to create something useful, intentional, and beautiful.

After graduating, I found an opportunity to use the skills and knowledge I had gained: building tiny
homes on wheels. I worked with Backcountry Tiny Homes to construct homes that were comfortable,
efficient, and provided their own energy via solar panels. I started as Backcountry's only builder,
and as the company expanded, I was promoted to Senior Builder. In this role, I was the lead and
trainer of a small team, and also provided project management responsibilities for simultaneous
builds. Later on, I transitioned to the design team and realized I had a love for 3D CAD. I worked
with clients and other designers to create floor plans, libraries of furniture models, and full 3D
homes in SketchUp.

During the pandemic, I took the time to return to school at Portland Community College in their
Computer Aided Design and Drafting certificate program. I studied and designed for multiple
manufacturing processes with a focus on mechanical design. I became skilled at utilizing SolidWorks,
Inventor, Fusion360 and AutoCAD. In addition, I received the Apprentice Mechanical Drafter
Certification from ADDA.

Shortly after relocating to Bellingham, I started working at Northstar Woodworks and began designing
custom doors and windows for high profile clients. I had the opportunity to work with architects and
builders in many parts of the US to create technical drawings in AutoCAD for manufacturing.

As I move onto the next step of my career, I am looking to use my knowledge, previous experience,
and skills in 3D CAD to create comprehensive designs of high-performance residential buildings. I
hope to share my enthusiasm, dive into my passion, and, most importantly, learn from the amazing
community of builders and designers in the Bellingham area. Sustainability should be the standard,
and I want to help make that a reality for this beautiful place that we live.